<div class="bg-cont">
	<div class="ind">
		<h2 name="title">Who we are</h2>
		
		<div name="summary" style="color: white;">
			<p>
				I have studied more than 80,000 races in different countries like Mauritius, South Africa, France, Dubai, 
				England, and Ireland where I won more than 8,000 races. In my racing career, I also won the Pick 7, Pick 6, 
				Pick 5 and Pick 4 in Mauritius. In South Africa, I won Pick 6 and Accumulators. 
				Whereas, in England I won the Jackpot, Scoop 6, Goliath and win accumulators. In my racing career I have seen the best horses ever. 
			</p><br></br>
		
			<p>
				The best races I have even seen in his life are Giant’s causeway ridden by George Duffield where he has beaten Kalanisi ridden 
				by Patt Eddery, Rock of Gibraltar ridden by Murtagh where he beat Hawkwings ridden by M. Kinnane, 
				High Chaparrel ridden by Murtagh where he beat Hawkwings ridden dy M. Kinnane and so on.
			</p><br></br>
		
			<p>
				Concerning racing in Mauritius, the best races I have ever seen are Medjerda after missing 
				the start by more than 5 lengths, Medjerda came from last to win on a distance of 1250 meters ridden by
				 Reymond Rhodes for Maigrot stable, Monsieur Blanc beat Laldheer, Botanique beat Le Turbo ridden by Samraj Mahadia and many others races.
			</p><br></br>
			<p>
				<strong>Studied + 80,000 races (Mauritius - South Africa - France - Dubai - UK - Ireland)</strong><br>
				<ul style="list-style: disc outside none;padding-left: 25px">
					<li style="list-style: disc">Won + 8,000 races</li>
					<li style="list-style: disc">Won Pick 7/6/5/4 in Mauritius.</li>
					<li style="list-style: disc">Won Pick 6 and win Acc in South Africa</li>
					<li style="list-style: disc">Won Jackpot, Scoop 6, and Goliath and win accumulator in UK</li>
					<li style="list-style: disc">Best Horses seen in my life (Read my bio on Face Book)</li>
				</ul>
				
			</p><br></br>
			<p>
				<strong>Best Races seen in my life: </strong><br>
				Giant's causeway ridden by George Duffield beat Kalanisi Patt Eddery.<br>
				Fantastic Light F. Dettorie beat Galileo M. Kinnane<br>
				Rock Festival Murtagh beat Hawkwings Kinnane<br>
				High Chaparrel Murtagh beat Hawkwings M.Kinnane<br>
				and many others
			</p><br></br>
			<p>
				<strong>Best Races seen in Mauritius: </strong><br>
				Medjerda after missing the start +5 lengths came from last to win on a 1250 mts ridden by Reymond Rhodes for Maigrot Stable.<br>
				Monsieur Blanc beat Laldheer.<br>
				Botanic beat Le Turbo with Samraj<br>
				and many others.......
			</p>
		</div>
		
	</div>
</div>